Andy's fishing on youtube HD quality
fishing videos uploaded every week joy
winter and I'm going to go buy money
fishing Nick laughs Leon yeah he sent me
a bunch of flies from Sweden and I tried
them once before I'll put a link up here
and I did hook a few barrel but I didn't
actually land in E and a lot of the fish
was striking back here so I'm going to
just trim this now and make a young a
pipe fly into a barrel fly so try to
destroy the fly too much but we've got
to get rid of a lot of the tail here
just a little
and will too much towers probably not
too bad then take those fighters off
no next year I'm quite happy with that
way that looks at the mat let's give
that a run and see we can't get your
nice bearer for new class
mmm that was a touch yep think that was
a touch yeah all that was a fish none
probably a jack or a bear
oh yeah oh yes yes yes yes not a big
fish very small fish but I on could be a
barrel it's about now it's a brim it's a
broom getting too excited again ah ah
that's pretty interesting that was a
Bigfoot that's new classes fly and a
nice little brim yeah I think he's that
the spawn or she's about to spawn cuz
the black under here so nice to enter
release me go I'm actually just chasing
a sermon just on the surface there here
he is it's turned to write a fun of me
now it's right funny
and he's not he's just turned on he's on
it he's on it he's on it didn't work
oh well yep oh nice fish yes yes yes all
berra no salmon oh nice salmon nice
salmon oh yeah nice Evan I was watching
this guy chomping in there jumping into
the jelly pawns before oh there we go
yeah there was saying I was watching
this guy jump into the jelly prawns
before and he's just year pushing bow
waves up onto the bank and wouldn't take
a flan he's finally grabbed it there's a
nice nice threadfin 70 there is
so Nick laughs no barrel but salmon like
it these aren't obviously European
salmon their thread fins I'll show you
why in a minute hopefully
if we can get him unit hopefully doesn't
way through the leader they've got
really rough mouth
Oh
yeah I don't let him hear it okay it's a
good solid fish
thanks Beth at least five kilos this guy
apparently tiny head why he doesn't want
you chance here we go oh you always to
be for the night Oh hair loss is that
look at that that's a good salmon yes
what we call a king salmon there a
threadfin salmon
and you're not be nice big mouth no
teeth and this is why they called
threadfin please these little feelers
out in you they use them to fill their
their prey in the water and he oh here's
one nice fish I'm not sure if I'm gonna
get it all in there but yeah hmm
mm-hmm where's the fly she's a little
bit messed up Nicholas but yes you'll
fly did it nice little
natural limitation so I've just made
measured that salmon on the mat and
that's a bit excited eighty three
centimeters is so here still a really
nice fish batter yeah and these guys
hear you you want to eat these because
it tasty ass so Nicholas I managed to
get a nice threadfin salmon for you I
didn't get a bearer I I think I had a
really good hit by berra but I've still
got still got the green one and the pink
and white one so I'm going to keep
trying to get you that big bearer but um
yea big salmon or threadfin great fish
thanks for watching if you want to see
more of my videos click one of the
playlist to see right here the top left
line how's my best fishing videos
compiled in one playlist or if you want
to subscribe you can share my latest
videos with your friends straight away
it's Elena
you